Update roadmap to -terms instead of quarters (#4798)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: roadmap.md

## Terminology
- *Near Term*: These items are well-defined and actively in development.
- *Mid Term*: Next to be picked up for development when capacity allows. The problem space & solution are known but we may still be defining implementation details.
- *Long Term*: The team is investigating for the future but don’t have a clear solution in mind. This is the area most in flux as investigations can change feasibility & priority.  

## Timelines

### Near Term
- Node token caching support with Redis 
- Internal pipeline improvements for easier release cadence 
- Deprecation of passport-azure-ad and replacement with a new lightweight token validator 
- Updates required by the May 2021 United States Executive Order on cybersecurity: [Executive Order on Improving the Nation's Cybersecurity | The White House](https://www.whitehouse.gov/briefing-room/presidential-actions/2021/05/12/executive-order-on-improving-the-nations-cybersecurity/) 

### Mid Term
- Improvements on Node documentation & samples  
- Ivy library distribution of MSAL Angular 

> - Angular 14 support 

Reviewer: Isn't this already done?

Author: I thought so but looked through release notes & didn't see it. Happy to be corrected & I missed it in release notes.

- *Long Term*: The team is investigating for the future but don’t have a clear solution in mind. This is the area most in flux as investigations can change feasibility & priority.  

## Timelines

### Near Term
- Node token caching support with Redis 
- Internal pipeline improvements for easier release cadence 
- Deprecation of passport-azure-ad and replacement with a new lightweight token validator 
- Updates required by the May 2021 United States Executive Order on cybersecurity: [Executive Order on Improving the Nation's Cybersecurity | The White House](https://www.whitehouse.gov/briefing-room/presidential-actions/2021/05/12/executive-order-on-improving-the-nations-cybersecurity/) 

### Mid Term
- Improvements on Node documentation & samples  
- Ivy library distribution of MSAL Angular 
- Angular 14 support 
- Sustainable strategy to release adoption drivers like library dependency changes  
  

### Long Term
- IDP agnostic support  
- Enhancing MSALGuard 
- Reducing package size 
- Increased support for the AAD Backup Auth Services  
- Browsers' solutions to federated identity without 3p cookie access (FedCM, Storage Access API, First Party Sets, etc) 

### Past

> This is not a comprehensive list of all completed features, but rather a way to note when something moved from near term to complete recently. You can view all past [Release Notes of MSAL.js](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/discussions/categories/releases).

Reviewer: Links to the individual changelogs for libs may be more useful than discussions given that they are searchable and most customers may only be interested in one library or the other

# Roadmap

> The MSAL.js team's roadmap is presented as near-term, mid-term, & long-term to give a people a better idea of what we are currently working on, what is up next for us, and what we are considering for the future. These are not guarenteed timelines, but insight into the team's current direction. The roadmap is focused on big features or focus areas; it may not call out each individual work item that is added to the library. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MSAL.js team's roadmap is presented as near-term, mid-term, & long-term to give you a better idea of what we are currently working on, what is up next for us, and what we are considering for the future. These are not guaranteed timelines, but instead intended to provide insight into the team's current direction. The roadmap is focused on big features or focus areas; it may not call out each individual work item that is added to the library. 
```

> If you have feedback or suggestions on our roadmap, please let us know.

Reviewer: This could arguably be removed, if you want to leave it in we should include *how* people should submit feedback.

Author: Updated to link to Github Issues' Feature Request

## Terminology
- *Near Term*: These items are well-defined and actively in development.
- *Mid Term*: Next to be picked up for development when capacity allows. The problem space & solution are known but we may still be defining implementation details.
- *Long Term*: The team is investigating for the future but don’t have a clear solution in mind. This is the area most in flux as investigations can change feasibility & priority. Do not make plans reliant on these features as we cannot guarantee they will be implemented. 

## Timelines

### Near Term
- Node token caching support with Redis 
- Internal pipeline improvements for easier release cadence 
- Deprecation of passport-azure-ad and replacement with a new lightweight token validator 

> - Updates required by the recent United State’s Executive Order on cybersecurity: Executive Order on Improving the Nation's Cybersecurity | The White House 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updates required by the recent United States Executive Order on cybersecurity: Executive Order on Improving the Nation's Cybersecurity | The White House 
```

Reviewer: Can you provide a link to the EO here as well?

Author: Yes that was my plan. Didn't realize the link didn't follow when I copied this out of Notebook I was working in. I will update.

### Mid Term
- Improvements on Node documentation & samples  

> - Ivy Library Distribution of MSAL-angular 

Reviewer: nit: MSAL Angular or msal-angular
```suggestion
- Ivy library distribution of MSAL Angular 
```

- Angular 14 support 

> - Sustainable strategy to release adoption drivers like library dependency changes  

Reviewer: It's not clear to me what this means, can we rephrase?

> - Software bound RT Pop support  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Software Bound Refresh Token Proof-of-Possession Support
```

- First Party Sets support  

### Long Term
- IDP agnostic support  
- Enhancing MSALGuard 
- Reducing package size 
- Increased support for the AAD Backup Auth Services  
- Browser federated identity standards (FedCM, Storage Access API, etc) 

### Past

> This is not a comprehensive list of all completed features, but rather a way to note when something moved from near term to complete recently. You can view all past Release Notes of MSAL.js (here)[].

Reviewer: Link at the end is empty

Reviewer: I'd also suggest we can get by with just links to the changelogs, rather than listing out released features. Less to maintain :)

Author: My thinking was to move anything released from "near term" to "past" at least until the next roadmap update. My hesitancy is if a feature is removed from the list, people may not know if it was removed because we released it or because we decided not to implement it. It wouldn't be a long-lived list in past. Open to being convinced a link to release notes is enough for people to go looking for a specific feature they no longer see on the list.

Reviewer: I would argue that changelogs should be the one stop shop for determining what features have been released and in what version they became available. A line such as "If you don't see a feature listed on the roadmap check our changelogs to see if it has already been released or open a feature request here (link to feature request)" might help address your concerns. Thoughts?
